docs: mention py.typed for missing type stubs (#1836)
DetachHead/basedpyright: docs/usage/type-stubs.md

Regardless of the search path, Pyright always attempts to resolve an import with a type stub (“.pyi”) file before falling back to a python source (“.py”) file. If a type stub cannot be located for an external import, Pyright will try to use inline type information if the module is part of a package that contains a “py.typed” file (defined in [PEP 561](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0561/)). If the module is part of a package that doesn’t contain a “py.typed” file, Pyright will treat all of the symbols imported from these modules as having type “Unknown”, and wildcard imports (of the form `from foo import *`) will not populate the module’s namespace with specific symbol names.

> If `reportMissingTypeStubs` reports a third-party package that already contains type annotations in its source files, the package may be missing the `py.typed` marker file. Adding that marker is the package maintainer’s way to opt in to PEP 561 inline typing. If you cannot update the package, use a type stub package or a custom stub as described below.

Reviewer: i know a lot of these old docs from upstream use different `’` and `“` characters, but i tend to avoid them in any docs i write
```suggestion
If `reportMissingTypeStubs` reports a third-party package that already contains type annotations in its source files, the package may be missing the `py.typed` marker file. Adding that marker is the package maintainer's way to opt in to PEP 561 inline typing. If you cannot update the package, use a type stub package or a custom stub as described below.
```
